Clarify "subclients" (#8674)
Azure/azure-sdk: docs/rust/introduction.md

##### Hierarchical Clients {#rust-subclients}

> Subclients can only be returned by other clients and cannot be constructed by developers using our crates. See [General Azure SDK Terminology] general guidelines.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
Subclients can only be returned by other clients and cannot be constructed by developers directly. See [General Azure SDK Terminology] general guidelines.
```

Author: Given this is in the rust documentation, I think this is appropriate and more obvious. If we just say "developers", does that mean us and our partners developing the crates, or just those using it. I considered "end users" but that always feel like, well, the downstream end users i.e. people using the stuff ISVs write using our crates.
